Headline: Australian student's animated film in contention for an Oscar

Snippet: Lachlan Pendragon, a 26-year-old film-maker from Brisbane, has created an animated film titled "An Ostrich Told Me the World is Fake and I Think I Believe It," which is being considered for an Oscar. The film was made at Pendragon's home.

Link: https://www.theguardian.com/film/2023/mar/11/an-ostrich-told-me-the-world-is-fake-animated-film-in-contention-for-oscar
Headline: Giant ostrich-like dinosaurs once lived in North America

Snippet: A collection of bones belonging to dinosaur species called ornithomimosaurs have been discovered in North America. These "bird mimics" closely resembled ostriches with their tails and clawed hands. These dinosaurs are believed to have been the size of a modern-day elephant and lived over 100 million years ago.

Link: https://www.smithsonianmag.com/science-nature/giant-ostrich-dinosaurs-once-roamed-north-america-1809800968/
Headline: Dinosaur resembling ostrich but as big as elephant discovered in Mississippi

Snippet: Researchers have discovered fossils of an ostrich-like dinosaur species that lived in Mississippi over 100 million years ago. This species could have weighed several thousand kilograms, similar to the size of an elephant.

Link: https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-022-03283-0
Headline: Ancient ostrich eggshell beads reveal 50,000-year-old social connections

Snippet: An archeological study has revealed an ancient link between populations over 3,000 km apart through the use of ostrich eggshell beads. The beads were found in South Africa and Botswana and date back 50,000 years. This study provides the first direct evidence of the impact of climate change on human connections.

Link: https://scienceandtechtoday.com/ancient-ostrich-eggshell-beads-reveal-50000-year-old-social-connections-africa/
Headline: Ostrich-like dinosaurs found in Mississippi were among the world's largest 

Snippet: Researchers have found that ostrich-like dinosaurs called ornithomimosaurs had grown to be quite enormous in ancient North America. They lived in eastern North America and are believed to have been similar to the size of an elephant. 

Link: https://phys.org/news/2022-10-ostrich-like-dinosaurs-mississippi-among-world.html
Headline: Giant ostrich-like dinosaur and smaller cousin roamed Mississippi

Snippet: Fossil evidence suggests that a giant ostrich-like dinosaur and its smaller cousin roamed Mississippi about 85 million years ago. Both species, which are called ornithomimosaurs, were likely swift runners and ate plants and insects.

Link: https://www.livescience.com/giant-ostrich-dinosaur-mississippi.html
